Docker ce upgarde to mew board - note addition to the doc and screens… (#2706)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/containers-orchestration/docker-community-edition.md

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/containers-orchestration/docker.png')} alt="icon" width="150"/>

:::note

> The Docker App will be fully functional working with Docker setup using cgroup v1. For more details on cgroup click [here](https://docs.docker.com/config/containers/runmetrics/#control-groups).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Docker app will be fully functional with Docker setup using cgroup v1. [Learn more]https://docs.docker.com/config/containers/runmetrics/#control-groups) about cgroup.
```

:::

> The Sumo Logic App for Docker Community edition (CE) provides operational insight into your Docker containers. The App includes Dashboards that allow you to view your container performance statistics for CPU, memory, and the network. It also provides visibility into container events such as start, stop, and other important commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sumo Logic app for Docker Community edition (CE) provides operational insight into your Docker containers. This app includes dashboards that allow you to view your container performance statistics for CPU, memory, and the network. It also provides visibility into container events such as start, stop, and other important commands.
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/containers-orchestration/docker.png')} alt="icon" width="150"/>

:::note
The Docker app will be fully functional with Docker setup using [cgroup v1](https://docs.docker.com/config/containers/runmetrics/#control-groups).
:::

> The Sumo Logic app for Docker Community edition (CE) provides operational insight into your Docker containers. This app includes dashboards that allow you to view your container performance statistics for CPU, memory, and the network. It also provides visibility into container events such as start, stop, and other important commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Sumo Logic app for Docker Community Edition (CE) provides operational insight into your Docker containers. This app includes dashboards that allow you to view your container performance statistics for CPU, memory, and the network. It also provides visibility into container events such as start, stop, and other important commands.
```
